Common Issues polish (#1465)
twilio/twilio-video.js: COMMON_ISSUES.md

Common Issues
=============

Do you experience an issue with twilio-video.js?
Please review this list of known issues and workarounds before opening a new ticket.  
We recommend regularly upgrading to the latest version of the SDK, which includes bug fixes and improvements, see 
[CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md).

### Chrome desktop
<details>
<summary>Chrome memory leak might cause degraded experience in group rooms</summary>
<p>

>   

Author: @manjeshbhargav In collapsable markdown it seems to be required to have this extra line in order to preserve some of the styling in subsequent text. For example, with removal of this line, hyperlinks won't work in subsequent text.  That is the reason it is present in each of the collapsable items.

</p>  
</details>
<details>
<summary>Android Chrome 81+ Participants fail to subscribe to H264 VideoTracks in Group Rooms</summary>
<p>
  
   This happens primarily due to this [Chromium Bug](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=1074421).
   We have added a workaround to the SDK in version 2.4.0. For earlier versions of the SDK,
   please apply the workaround discussed in this [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-video.js/issues/966#issuecomment-619212184).
</p>
</details>

### Safari desktop
<details>
<summary>Echo issues in Safari when using external microphone</summary>
<p>
  
   It is an echo cancellation bug in Safari's implementation of WebRTC. Find more info [here](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=213723)  
   and [here](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-video.js/issues/1433) 
</p>  
</details>
<details>
<summary>Angular applications missing audio and/or video tracks</summary>
<p>

>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    There is a misinteraction between one of Angular's libraries, Zone.js, and
>    Safari's RTCPeerConnection APIs. For more information, see [here](https://github.com/angular/zone.js/issues/883)
>    for the issue filed against Zone.js and [here](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=175802)
>    for the issue filed against WebKit. In order to work around this issue, you
>    should include Zone.js's webapis-rtc-peer-connection.js in your app, after
>    loading Zone.js. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   There is a mis-interaction between one of Angular's libraries, Zone.js, and
   Safari's RTCPeerConnection APIs. For more information, see [here](https://github.com/angular/zone.js/issues/883)
   for the issue filed against Zone.js, and [here](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=175802)
   for the issue filed against WebKit. In order to work around this issue, please
   include Zone.js's webapis-rtc-peer-connection.js in your app, after
   loading Zone.js. For example,
```

```html
<script src="node_modules/zone.js/dist/zone.js"></script>
<script src="node_modules/zone.js/dist/webapis-rtc-peer-connection.js"></script>
``` 
</p>  
</details>
<details>
<summary>After unpublishing a Track, Safari 12.1 Participants cannot publish Track(s) of the same kind</summary>
<p>

>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   Because of this Safari 12.1 [bug](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=195489),
   once a Participant unpublishes a MediaTrack of any kind (audio or video), it will not be able to publish another MediaTrack of the same kind.        DataTracks are not affected. We have escalated this bug to the Safari Team and are keeping track of related developments. 
</p>  
</details>

### Safari mobile
<details>
<summary>Mobile Safari Participants on iOS 13.0.1 sometimes fail to send audio</summary>
<p>

>     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   This issue happened due to regression on iOS 13.0.1. Find more details in this [WebKit bug](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=202405). 
</p>  
</details>
<details>
<summary>Stuttering/distorted audio in Safari on iOS 14.2 and MacOS 11.0.1</summary>
<p>

>     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   This issue happened due to regression in Safari's WebKit in iOS version 14.2, the fix got rolled out in iOS 14.3 beta3. Find more details [here](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-video.js/issues/1296) and in this [WebKit bug](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=218762). 
</p>  
</details>

### Firefox desktop
<details>
<summary>Firefox Participants sometimes fail to subscribe to DataTracks on Peer-to-Peer Rooms</summary>
<p>

>     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   Because of this Firefox [bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1603887) Participants that join a Peer-to-Peer Room after a DataTrack      has been published by a Firefox Participant fail to subscribe to it. You can work around this issue by publishing a DataTrack while connecting to    the Room. 
</p>  
</details>
<details>
<summary>Firefox Participants cannot constrain their audio bandwidth</summary>
<p>

>     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   Because of this [bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1573726), Firefox
   Participants are not able to constrain their audio bandwidth using `LocalParticipant.setParameters()`. 
</p>  
</details>

### All browsers

<details>
<summary>Working around the browsers' autoplay policy (which might block audio and video from playing)</summary>
<p>

>     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<summary>Echo issues in Safari when using external microphone</summary>
<p>
  
   This is an echo cancellation bug in Safari's implementation of WebRTC. For more details, go [here](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=213723).

>    and [here](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-video.js/issues/1433) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   and [here](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-video.js/issues/1433).
```

  const video = videoTrack.attach();
  video.muted = true;
  ```
</p>  
</details>
<details>
<summary>Support of Beta/Canary/Nightly browser releases</summary>
<p>

>     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   We constantly test for and ensure compatibility with the current stable and beta releases of supported browsers. 
   However, because some of the APIs we rely upon, like WebRTC, are under active development in the browsers, 
   we cannot guarantee compatibility with Canary or Nightly releases. Find our browsers support matrix [here](https://www.twilio.com/docs/video/javascript#supported-browsers)
</p>  
</details>
<details>
<summary>Internet Explorer and other WebRTC-incompatible Browsers</summary>
<p>

>     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   twilio-video.js requires WebRTC, which is not supported by Internet Explorer.
   While twilio-video.js will load in Internet Explorer and other browsers that do not support WebRTC, 
   attempting to connect to a Room or attempting to acquire LocalTracks will fail. Find our browsers support matrix [here](https://www.twilio.com/docs/video/javascript#supported-browsers)
</p>  
</details>
<details>
<summary>Aggressive Browser Extensions and Plugins</summary>
<p>

>     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
